clustering - not classification (known classes w labels)
k-means cl. w given k find k clusters; (re-)assing points to recomputed centers: AVG dist. minimized till no reassignments of points to clustercenters
Voronoi regions assign to cls; limit: complex shapes, k?, init, outliers, no categorical d

AGGLOMERATIVE
ward
The default choice, ward minimizes variance within merged clusters
average
average linkage merges the two clusters that have the smallest average distance between all their points.
complete
complete linkage (also known as maximum linkage) merges the two clusters that
have the smallest maximum distance between their points.

DBScan - Density Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise
can identify clusters of complex shapes and points that are not part of any cluster
input: eps - density threshold 4 Ps within cl
 min_samples - min #Ps within 1 cl

Evaluation: cl should be tightly packed together
cl should be far away from each other
SILHOUETTE score: s = b-a / max(a,b); a: mean dist btw. 1 point of cl to each other cl membering Ps; (dense)
b: mean dist between sample p and all other points on nearest cluster (separated)
1 is good (dense, separated) 0 bad; 0.7 - 0.3 reasonable; weak else

STACKING - stack weak clustering algorithms -> supervised
problems: when models have things in common; might enhance same error -> diverse classifiers
bagging: sample randomly taken with replacement (aka bootstrap)
pasting: sample randomly taken without replacement ---> differ in traing data; descision tree; random forest (can use)
random patches: choose features randomly (besser wenn #feature > 10: image processing e.g.)(good for classification and regression - sklearn.ensemble.RandomForest...)
ModelHYPERParameters - not internal params, not found by model during; not coeff & intercept; given by Analyst!; k in KNN, eps & min_samples in DBScan 
Model parameters: There are internal to the model. They will be find by the model during the training. examples:intercept and coefficients for linear regression. They define the trained model. y= 5*X1+4.2*X2+...+9
Model hyperparameters: The ML engineer should choose their values before starting the training. examples: K in KNN, eps, min samples